Delta minitask 1 (OWN)

1. Web development is basically the process of development or designing a website with the help of certain languages like HTML and Javascript which can be accessed through the internet. 

2. A browser is a software used to surf the world wide web for a variety of reasons primarily as a source of information.

3. When an URL is typed into a web browser. The browser searches the world wide web for it. Once the resource has been found the browser helps in displaying it to the user. 

4. Any central device in a workstation network that is capable of accepting and passing on information to various nodes can be termed as a server. 

5. I do not have a clear idea. I guess they interact with browsers and help in displaying the requested web page.

6. No clear idea.

7. World Wide Web

8.Hypertext Markup Language

9. Cascading style sheets

10. JavaScript is an high-level object oriented language that is primarily used to design web pages, Apps. It can prompt users etc.., which differentiates it from HTML.

11. A collection of computers or other devices that interact together with a common platform.

12. A global network system that connects over several billion devices which follow a set of common rules caled protocols. It is used for a wide number of reasons. 

13. No clear idea

14. A complex collection of web pages in the internet.

15. Uniform Resource Locator

16. Uniform Resource Indicator

17. Generally the text typed is assumed to be a web page and the browser searches all over the internet for it and displays it to the user once found. But, often the URL text is directly linked to a search engine so unless the URL ends with a ".com" the typed text is searched in the engine.

18. Wire free Internet. Basically allows interaction of a number of devices without usage of wires.

19. 'http' is hypertext transfer protocol. It is basically a set of rules that the pages must follow in order to interact effectively.

20. http - hypertext transfer protocol
       ftp - file transfer protocol
       ssl,tsl - dont know.
All these are protocols. Protocols are a set of well-defined rules that every node in workstation must follow in order to share information with each other. 